Add general_scaling special option support (#173)
ajshajib/dolphin: CONFIG_OPTIONS.rst

          Tcmb0: 2.725

    - ``general_scaling``: Scale specific model parameters together across multiple profiles.

      - Type: ``dictionary``
      - Example:

        .. code-block:: yaml

          general_scaling:
            theta_E:

>               [False, 1, 1]

Reviewer: Can you kindly add to the above description what the three values in this list correspond to?

>     - ``{param_name}_scale_factor``: Defines the scaling relation factor for the specified `param_name` across multiple profiles.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - ``{param_name}_scale_factor``: The scaling relation factor for the specified `param_name` across multiple profiles. Instead of individually sampling the connected parameters, only this scale factor will be sampled, and all the connected parameters will be scaled based on the same factor.
```

      - Type: ``list``
      - Example

        .. code-block:: yaml

          theta_E_scale_factor: [1]

    - ``{param_name}_scale_factor_sigma``: Initial paramater spread relative to ``{param_name}_scale_factor``.

      - Type: ``list``
      - Example

        .. code-block:: yaml

          theta_E_scale_factor_sigma: [0.05]

>     - ``{param_name}_scale_pow``: Power-law scaling factor for the specified `param_name` scaling.

Reviewer: Can you kindly add an equation showing how the power-law scaling is applied based on the specified/sampled parameters? This (and the suggestions above) will make the purpose and usage of these scale parameters much clearer for future users.

Author: I added an equation now at the end of this section to showcase how a specified parameter scales in accordance with the special inputs. If something is unclear or could be perhaps phrased better, please let me know!
